[Music]
today's the day that we prove
look did not sacrifice his ransom Vania
and today is the day that we prove that
we are not losers
and today
we earn the name legends
our crazy plan to let malice out worked
finally we're not screw it's forced to
clean up our own mess but once in our
lives we are actual heroes all I'm
saying is Constantine promised that's
magical monsters so where are they all
hiding all I want dragons
you guys are time-traveling superheroes
yeah who've actually saved the world
really you save the world oh my god
twice then why does this so sack four
years doing the same old crap is that
what I think it is
couldn't have been heroes for just a
little bit longer I'll relax Sarah we
didn't screw things up for the better
this time we screwed things up for the
more magical hello John Sarah the
darkness it's rising - wasn't the only
prisoner to escape his realm when you
decided to pull back the veil between
our worlds while history immortal
monsters have returned to prey upon
humanity
the only thing between life as we know
in complete pandemonium is you blue T
Wendy's the legends have things under
control
[Music]
show yourself cuz I'm a nasty piece of
wood you will not just state the viewer
needs the legends now more than ever
fourteen of outcasts and misfits you're
one of us I'm confused we are all happy
that there was only one dragon right
well it would be good for our ratings
but don't worry we have a few dedicated
fans I'm an interim legend
yeah Gary doesn't count
you